vm change to reproducible command (#804)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/nixos/nixos-configuration-on-vm.md

- A working [Nix installation](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/installation/installation.html) on Linux, or [NixOS](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable/index.html#sec-installation), with a graphical environment
- Basic knowledge of the [Nix language](reading-nix-language)

## Starting from a default NixOS configuration

In this tutorial you will use a default configuration that is shipped with NixOS.

:::{admonition} NixOS

On NixOS, use the `nixos-generate-config` command to create a configuration file that contains some useful defaults and configuration suggestions.

> The result of this command depends on your curent Nixos configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beware that the result of this command depends on your current NixOS configuration.
```

:sob: But why does it have to be this way!

We can configure the generation of the 'nixos-generate-config' in a repoducable way in a nix-shell. 

> We provide a configuration that is replicating nixos gnome graphical iso image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of  'nixos-generate-config' can be made reproducible in a `nix-shell` environment. 
Here we provide a configuration that corresponds to the NixOS GNOME graphical ISO image:
```

> 
> ```shell-session
> nix-shell -p "with (import <nixpkgs> {}); (nixos { services.xserver.enable = true; services.xserver.desktopManager.gnome.enable = true;}).config.system.build.nixos-generate-config" -I nixpkgs=channel:nixos-21.05
> ```
> 

Reviewer: This is a true abomination, which shows that Nix is awesome despite NixOS being in a very sad place. I love it. @olafklingt what a great piece of tinkering!

Suggestion to remove the veil of magic:

````suggestion

```bash
nix-shell -I nixpkgs=channel:nixos-21.05 -p "$(cat <<EOF
let
  pkgs = import <nixpkgs> { config = {}; overlays = []; };
  nixos = pkgs.nixos {
    services.xserver.enable = true;
    services.xserver.desktopManager.gnome.enable = true;
  };
in
nixos.config.system.build.nixos-generate-config
EOF
)" 
```

Or as a one-liner:

```shell-session
nix-shell -I nixpkgs=channel:nixos-21.05 -p "let pkgs = import <nixpkgs> { config = {}; overlays = []; }; nixos = pkgs.nixos { services.xserver.enable = true; services.xserver.desktopManager.gnome.enable = true; }; in nixos.config.system.build.nixos-generate-config"
```

````

- A working [Nix installation](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/installation/installation.html) on Linux, or [NixOS](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable/index.html#sec-installation), with a graphical environment
- Basic knowledge of the [Nix language](reading-nix-language)

## Starting from a default NixOS configuration

In this tutorial you will use a default configuration that is shipped with NixOS.

:::{admonition} NixOS

On NixOS, use the `nixos-generate-config` command to create a configuration file that contains some useful defaults and configuration suggestions.

Beware that the result of this command depends on your current NixOS configuration.

> We can configure the generation of the 'nixos-generate-config' in a repoducable way in a nix-shell.
> We provide a configuration that is replicating nixos gnome graphical iso image.

Reviewer: Hm, apparently that suggestion got lost in a merge conflict. Sorry for the second round:

```suggestion
The output of 'nixos-generate-config' can be made reproducible in a `nix-shell` environment. 
Here we provide a configuration that corresponds to the NixOS GNOME graphical ISO image:
```
